you
yo what's good people on your boy or
thinning 973 your bullet pass 57 and i'm
back with NBA 2k14 on the xbone this is
my team to do you think cities i got a
great do you thing for you guys today
definitely got some great gameplay for
you guys today i was in a dog fight
right here so sit back relax put your
seat and recline let's get into the do
you thing now for the do you think i
know a lot of y'all see the thumbnail so
yall already know who it's about but i
want to know do you guys think Andrew
Wiggins is a superstar a superstar like
night all-star I don't want to hear um
I'd only hear that oh we don't know yet
because this guy's not even in the NBA
yet now let me tell you something let me
just rewind a little bit when I seen
Allen Iverson play in college I knew he
was gonna be a superstar I knew it like
I want everything stood out so much at
Georgetown that you would just see he
was a superstar people knew Michael
Jordan in college was gonna be a
superstar Kobe Bryant you can see
superstar LeBron James we seen he was a
superstar in high school so don't say it
cannot be done cuz you just don't know
yet a superstar you know a lot of teams
has been have been tanking for these
guys um and be Parker Wiggins they've
been taking for these guys because they
think these guys are superstars that
they can potentially change the look the
outlook of your franchise for 10 12
years to come and when I Iverson came to
philly that's what he did Kobe Bryant
went to the Lakers it were him and Shaq
he had shot you know me Michael Jordan
went to the Bulls that's what he did you
know me the bulls bulls before they got
my crew Jack Ruby michael jackson
michael jordan it was good but Michael
Jordan took him to that extra top tier
level and you can see that Michael
Jordan was a superstar so I want to know
do you guys think Andrew Wiggins is a
superstar let me just tell you my
thoughts about Wiggins Wiggins to me is
the best athlete in his wrath hands down
in my opinion he's the best
athlete maybe even the best defender in
the drive only thing I don't I think
Wiggins is liking he don't have that a
killer instinct on all things like he
can shoot the he can shoot the three
ball he actually can um penetrate to the
basket and get his own shot like he can
take people to the cup he has great size
but I just don't know if he had that
killer instinct like and I mean you know
that could be learned you know as he get
better as he matures that that can be
learned but right now at this moment he
doesn't have that killer instinct that's
the only problem right now I really have
with Wiggins but as far as as far as
athletics ism probably the best party to
probably the best all-around player in
the in the in the draft it's probably
gonna go to witness but I want to know
what you guys think about Andrew witness
do you guys think he's a superstar I
don't want to I don't even want to say
super star potential I want to know do
you guys think he's a superstar that's
what I really want to know and let's get
into this gameplay man you see I'm in a
dogfight right here I gotta still with
my man Joe green it was able to knock
down to three with Kevin Durant and I
finally got a lead right here ty was
that a fact I should have been a block
but he's back up 4742 in the third
quarter beautiful on ball stayed by me I
told y'all I play defense and I'm a
total I'll you to my man Gerald Green
get yourself for Gerald Green that joint
went up the backboard to rewind that
tried to get another still right there
my man Joe green wasn't able to get it
almost got a still right there we are
playing Heller defense this is why I
don't quit you know we back in the game
we down three beautiful still right
there terrible pass by him we're gonna
throw it up to my man Michael Jordan be
patient and get the easy layup that
should have been a Michael Jordan the
ground calling for a foul get out Mike
get up I can't wait that I can't wait to
hear you guys starts on Andrew Wiggins
because you know I know a lot of people
a lot of people were saying that this
this was the draft right here that that
was going to change the outlook of team
so I want to definitely know you guys
thoughts on him as you say I throw
another outlet pass to my man John Wall
if you want going to get a tough layup
that's a foul where is the foul Ref so
you see it's 53-48 two minutes left in
the quarter
he was able to save save the ball from
going out of bounds we throw it up to
came her came the eggy looking at gay
beautiful pass by King that's what I'm
saying all you got to do is play defense
I got to do is play defense and you can
stay in the game he was cooking me with
James Harden though James heartening the
rent this dude was pulling hella threes
just watch the game play man he he
actually made me switch to the zone
which I really don't like the run I kind
of like to run mainly if I do run his
own I like to run like the 3-2 zone or
the 2-3 zone I hate being in the 131 cuz
they leave the wings open like the
corners I really hate that but the 131
started working on this dude as you see
I go get lay up with my man Dominique
Wilkins who will never leave my lineup i
love playing with Dominique but this
duel was definitely a three-point
shooter like every mean this dude shot a
ton of threes and you guys will see he
passed it Josh Smith we was able to get
another still see the 131 was working
because he will dribbling in the paint
and didn't do the kick-out and my dual
were being them lames did get the
three-point min to get the still excuse
me so Jordan takes a 3-pointer he missed
we gonna get it back to him but to drive
to the basket past to my man Dominic
Dominic back to Jordan Jordan steps and
pump fakes pass it to Paul George Paul
George back the joy and joy were putting
another three and was able to knock that
down we down to we are fighting in 6965
now so he's back up for we get another
still beautiful defense by my team pass
to my man Joe green look at your grain
goes to the cup look at Java green with
a tough layup I want him to slam that so
it could be another get y'all no arrest
so it could be another one of those but
he what got in went in and got a layup
and we leave Kevin Durant open in the
corner and he was able to knock down
that three-point a pass to my man Joe
green Joe Greene trying to drop to MJ MJ
back to Green Green going to the cop
with a tough layup to tie the game 71 71
beautiful look at it stuck on ball
defense i'm playing tried to get a still
and for whatever reason LeBron flew out
of bounds
I reached and the rent was able to get
it done so it's 73 73 one minute left I
don't know why he wasn't playing up on
the Brawn I called for the eye so I
passed it back to Joe and pass it back
to LeBron he's still ain't playing up
when I said I'm a step up a little bit
and you know what I'm a jack LeBron for
three bang let's go let's go let's go
beat up dreams night going back and
forth passing in the corner he was able
to get a still I told you it the 131 was
working I throw the Aleuts on my man
LeBron James and LeBron James has us up
five let's go 7873 pulls free with James
Harden couldn't get it to go for all
getting kicked around passed it back to
Kyrie Kyrie back to James heart and I
knew he was gonna pull the street with
James sorry I jumped and I break with
Paul George you're gonna throw the
outlet to Paul George and that's a easy
layup and Nash the game folks i'm your
boy authentic 973 i'm your boiler patch
57 comment like subscribe we fought back
in the game and got the Dove he quit
after the do you think yeah I know I in
my bang